With our TV U-V map let's go ahead and export out the map so we can take it into Photoshop and do a
little texturing tab into edit mode and select everything and there's our map and I'll go ahead.
Go to movies export U-V lay out or go to my textures folder and I'll create a new folder here and I'll
call it TV and in here I'll just I'll just call this TV underscore Uvas.
Now down here in the size.
We've currently got 10:24.
I'm going to go ahead and export it out as 2048 and if I need to I can always save it out of Photoshop
at a smaller resolution like 10:24 or 5:12.
But for now I'll go ahead and use 2048.
So I have more resolution to work with.
While I do the texturing.
All right so I'll export these out.
And there we go.
Let's go take a look at them in Photoshop here in Photoshop I've got my U-V map pulled up.
I will go ahead and change this top layer to you these call it Uvas and I need to find that woodgrain
texture that kind of dark wood grain veneer that we saw in that reference image.
In fact why don't we pull that up.
I'm going to open this up and let's find the reference image of that TV.
And while we're here we can go ahead and open up these textures too that we're going to use on the texture
map as well.
Open that.
And here is that TV so I'm looking for this kind of fairly dark wood grain veneer.
So here it textures dotcom I'm going to go ahead and use this and look for some sort of a dark wood
look for only seamless.
This is nice but the problem is it's it's a floor.
It's got the breaks in it as if it's got wood floorboards so I don't want that.
This is kind of nice here.
Let me take a look at that.
Yeah.
I think maybe I'll go with this would find 11.
So I'll download it and take it into Photoshop here in Photoshop.
I'll go ahead and select it.
I can go to select and all select all here and then I can go to Edit and copy right here.
Controlled or command see.
And I'll go back to my movies and I'll paste it here with control or command the.
So here we go.
I'll drag it down below the Uvas And let's start putting this in place.
I'll hold the shift key and scale it down and I'll get it.
So it's about the size of one of these side panels here something like that.
I think that'd work pretty well.
Hit the Z key and zoom in.
Yeah I think this could work.
Let's go ahead and give this a try.
I'm going to press alt shift and drag this down and do that.
Probably just one more time here.
And let's also put this over this part right here I'll press alt to copy it and drag it and move it
right over here and then I'll duplicate it again and put it right there.
All right.
So I'm going to need to clean this up a bit because it's going way over into the other U-V islands.
I'll press em.
And I will go ahead and drag out an area to delete and when we go we can also extend this woodgrain
to these areas as well.
So we've got we placed these U-V islands so they would go in line with the grain.
So let's go ahead and do that.
I'll just hit alt and click and drag this.
And once again alt and shift and click and drag and we go.
And then one more right down here like that.
OK so now we need to clean this up.
What we can do is go ahead and combine all these layers together with shift click all of these press
control or command E and combine those all together.
I'll now use that magic wand tool over here to select everything around all the movies can track them
back just a bit contract maybe two frames and then I'll select the wood layer and delete all of that
so that cleans that up now.
It didn't clean everything up quite the way we want.
Because this is still covered so well like that and delete those as well.
All right.
Now we want to include the little legs down here so I'll just with the wood lair select it out I'll
just click and drag in here and press control C and control V and that will give me a new area that
I can drag around and this time I need to turn the woodgrain down some like that just so we can cover
this area right here.
That will work.
I'll go ahead and combine those back and I'll call that wood.
And there we go.
Now of course this area doesn't need wood on it and now does it.
We need to clean that off because that's going to be our speaker fabric.
We want that.
All right.
So let's go ahead and grab that speaker fabric where is that.
Here it is.
Let's grab this all select all and copy and let's paste this right in here.
Now I'll move it up into here.
Shrink it down a bit and then duplicate it as well.
Let's see if we can place that Zenith logo on our plate.
Here I'll come back over to the zenith nameplate.
And this is pretty small.
I think he'll work.
Let's give it a try.
I'm going to press the key and drag select around this try and get it pretty tight.
It's a little bit off angle or a little bit turn so I want to have to adjust that.
But let's go and give this a try.
I'm going to press controller and see to copy and let's come back over here and I'll paste this here.
Now I'll move that up in this area and let's see if we can use the warp or distort tools to get this
the right size and so it isn't quite so angled so I need to turn it a bit.
Let me just turn it just a hair to get it so it's parallel with the top there.
Now I need to get these bottom corners in line so to stretch that down.
But we're going to need to pull these a bit.
So let's go up here to edit transform and let's try war plus see if this will help me grab this and
drag it in.
That edge right there and maybe grab this and yeah there we go.
Let me grab this and move it in.
Maybe move that this looks OK I think.
Something like that.
So let me clean up the edges here with the key and just drag a key out here to try and clean up these
edges and delete those.
And I'll do the same.
All the way around.
Now let's go ahead and take this color here and I'm going to maybe use this color to put around the
edges I kind of like this worn gold material here.
So I press the I key to grab that color and I'll press the key and then drag a mark key say right in
here and go to the paint tool.
We create a new lair and drag it underneath that and we go and I'll just
add that color underneath it like that.
And I can do the same thing over here.
Him in drag and I'll add that color again with the G key or the paint bucket down there.
Same thing over here.
So now we've got that done.
We've got our fabric in place.
We need to think about the color of these knobs.
The frame around the tube that panel I think those all can be about the same color what color should
they be.
Well maybe like a silver color because if we go over here to that TV image they're all about the same
color.
In fact we could even hit the Ickey and sample a color here.
Give this a try.
Let's try something like that and let's come back over here and now I'll just create a new layer for
these.
Hit the M key and I'll just Marki around these.
Hit the G key and fill it seems a little too dark let's lighten that up just a bit and a little bit
more gray.
And we go.
I think that should work.
Let's do this one over here.
And then this frame here as well.
Drag a marquee like so and fill that.
All right so now that to Blits see what we can.
I like that greenish color here.
Let's just grab that let's just yeah kind of like that.
All right.
And one last time let's grab let's create a new layer and go to our marquee tool and just drag and hit
G and select that.
All right before we clean it up and put a black background in it let's go ahead and export it out and
test it to see how it looks.
So I'll turn off the movies and I'll go to file an export Export as I go to export all and put that
in my TV texture folder.
I'll take out the movies and put an underscore see for color map.
And now let's just take it into blender and take a look at it.
So I'm going to need to create a new material here.
I can do that over here in the Noad editor or over in the properties panel.
Well just do it over here in the note editor this time and I'll just call it TV and list press shift
a and go to texture and image texture.
And now let's bring in that color map.
Here we go and I'll switch from solid to text you viewport shading and there we go.
Not too bad now.
I think this panel here though should probably mirror the color pattern of this so maybe I'll want some
of that and gold up in here.
Let's come back to Photoshop.
And for this panel this is it right here.
We should probably try and take this color put it in here.
And we need a little dirt here too.
This has got a nice patina to it and I kind of want that over here.
So we'll need a little grunge see what we have again.
Yeah let me try this bring that in rabbit paste it
and I'll change the blending mode to multiply let's say Yeah we go something like that and I'll reduce
the size of it even more.
So it's pretty small here.
There we go.
And maybe reduce the opacity just a bit.
Here we go something like that so it kind of matches this a little bit.
And what else did we say oh the knobs we want these little knobs to have black on them right here.
And let's go ahead and take oh not a not a complete black but a pretty dark gray and lay that down right
there.
There are a couple of little housekeeping chores that we should do before we take this into unity.
First of all I want to take this pivot point and move it down to the center of the grid here so I'll
just come over here to the Tools panel set origin and origin the 3D cursor.
There we go.
The next thing I need to do is think about what kind of materials I want here.
I'm going to set up the materials in unity but I need to break them out here in Blender before I export
this.
So let's think about this.
First of all I guess we need a material for the wood veneer here.
We need a material for this frame and the material for the frame may also be the material for the knobs
here we may be able to use that.
I think we need a material for the panels.
They're going to be a little bit different shining us than probably anything else.
And also the tube here I think we're going to want this to be fairly reflective in the scene so we'll
probably need material for that.
So we've got quite a few materials going on here in this one object.
So what we'll do is we'll go ahead and set up the materials the way we did for the walls of the room.
One object but multiple materials.
So for the main one here let's call this TV slash wood because that's that wood veneer.
Let's Tebb into edit mode and maybe I'll hover over the screen here and press the L key and for this
let's create a new material slot let's call it let's call it TV screen.
And let's assign that.
There we go.
Let's also do the frames so I'll hover over the frame and I'll also hover over these knobs here.
Currently I'm selecting by seam or my selections are being delineated by scenes and I don't want that
I want to just let's use material and that will allow me to select over the seams so I'll just press
the L key and select these pieces.
Let's with the new material slot in a new material Let's call this TV.
I don't know frameless just call it TV frame and hit a sign.
We're going to need materials for these panels so I'll de-select those and hover over this panel press
the L key and this one and press the L key here.
So we want the same material on these pieces.
Create a new material slot and new material.
TV What do you think we should call these.
I don't know let's just call them panels.
OK let's also do this piece here the fabric.
That's just one face so I'm going to go to face mode and select that.
I like that.
This is going to be the fabric so I'll create a new material stot and a new material and call this TV
fabric and assign that.
Now look what I did I did not assign that material to these panels so I better go back and do that.
Let me hover over and select those with the L key select the panel's material and click assign.
All right.
So now if I come up here to the TV would material and hit select.
That's what I get.
That's correct.
OK.
And I can de-select here and I can go through and just test each one of these.
Now currently I have the TV frame including the TV screen and that isn't correct.
Now is it.
So if I choose the TV screen and I hit select I don't get anything.
So that's a problem.
What let's do is let's go back and select that screen.
And with TV screen selected click a sign.
Now let's test this again.
I'll go to a TV frame hit select and that's what I should get.
So you just sometimes need to go back and make sure that what you got is what you want.
There we go.
OK.
So I think that works.
We now have our materials in place we have our pivot point where we want it to be.
I think we are ready to export this out to unity.